All right guys and ladies of course and when I say guys I mean ladies too.
Right.
So don't get upset with me ladies.
Anyway so we need a contact page right.
We need a link right here.
So it's a lot of work to actually do this on.
What is not a lot of work I just don't like to work online and do things like this.
Let's go and do it locally.
So let's go to our local host and let's go to or see a mass of course.
And now we have this page open going to close the online version.
All right.
And there are some plug ins out there that you can use a fuse and so blind what you can.
Every time you save the page you can actually upload it to your server so you can look that up online
is so easy to do.
There are other tools out there that you can use.
I'm using this way because some of you out there don't have those stores yet but I might make a lecture
or two to make it easy for you.
All right.
So but right now we just want to know how this is done.
So let's go.
I'm going to open up my editor
and I am going to open on my local copy of the project which is a mess and I'm put in writing here.
All righty then.
We still need to make a couple of modifications to our project since we are on line and we want to make
our site a lot more secure.
So keep in mind are we always going to be making modifications specially to some of the daily functions
and updating things like that.
All right.
But that's later right now.
Let's make this contact page just because I like to help you guys get out there and say messages and
things like I'll get messages from people.
I think that's a priority right.
So right now let's go and it's a matter of fact let's take registration do a save as well registration
and let's make it a contact contact and then save.
Now let's go down here and instead of raising We're going to say contact
save.
Now let's go here and let's check it out real quick.
Contact be perfect.
So we've got a contact there and now we need to change a couple of things right.
So in the Contact page we get to the
subject and the body right.
So let's use this as the subject.
Right.
So let's take the e-mail address.
As a matter of fact you know what we should leave the e-mail and we can have that in their e-mail address
which is coming from the subject and the body.
Right.
So let's just take these user here.
So the e-mail This copy is this would be the subject
and of course we changed to subject to subject
by subject.
Perfect and placeholder we can put a placeholder saying something like enter enter
your subject or something like that.
Let's see this here real quick.
And to use it well you know what we could have a label there I actually thought Id have a label there.
But anyway what else.
So let's take this out a year and let's make this a tetes area
to its area
and it's going to be the body
the body.
Let's see how big this is.
Enter.
All right.
I don't like the way that looks.
And also I don't like the e-mail placeholder so I'm just going to say enter into your e-mail.
All right.
This one here I'm going to put a class of form control in that will help.
So instead of having all these styles here answer.
Made a little better because now they can go ahead and do this.
All right.
Perfect.
Now let's change the submit button.
This is just going to say
it.
All right.
We can make this bigger if you like
actually.
Let's create a couple more columns.
Let's just make it 50 and you'll see what I mean.
Quick.
Here we go.
You see that I have 50 columns that make made a bigger and this would be
against Mitt.
So I'm just going to live with the way it is because we just want to know how this works right.
All right.
Perfect.
So in the next lecture I'm going to show you how this works.
And so you then take care